------------------------------------------------------------------------
CALL FOR BIDS TO HOST COMSOC-2020

We are now soliciting bids to host COMSOC-2020, the 8th International
Workshop on Computational Social Choice. In previous years, COMSOC has
been held as a 3-day meeting, attracting around 100 participants, featuring
3-5 invited talks and a little under 60 contributed papers (some of which
were presented as posters in the last edition of the workshop). In 2008 and
2010 the workshop was preceded by an extra day devoted to introductory
tutorials, and in 2016 by an industry day. These events were attended by
more than half of the workshop participants.

If you would like to host COMSOC-2020, please email your bid to:

 Lirong Xia <xial@cs.rpi.edu> (primary contact for bidding)

or to one or more of the other members of the COMSOC steering committee:

- Edith Elkind <elkind@cs.ox.ac.uk>
- Umberto Grandi <umberto.grandi@ut-capitole.fr>
- Jeff Rosenschein <jeff@cs.huji.ac.il>

The bid should arrive no later than *31 December 2018*. We encourage
everyone to apply, however please bear in mind the following:

We aim for COMSOC to move between areas geographically convenient for
large groups of t he COMSO C community members. Currently, we identify
two such areas: Europe and North America (but, as the community grows,
we would like to include Australia/Asia in this list as well). Since
COMSOC-2018 took place in North America, we give preference to locations
in Europe for hosting COMSOC-2020.

If we receive several bids (in particular, if we receive bids for hosting
COMSOC outside of Europe), we may offer the interested bidder to organize
COMSOC-2022. Please indicate in your bid if you would be willing to host
COMSOC-2022.

Your bid should consider the following issues:

(1) Location and facilities: Where do you propose to hold COMSOC-2020?
Please state both the city and the exact location, and comment on the
suitability of the available facilities (rooms) for the scientific
programme as well as the coffee breaks. Please also comment on accessibility
and attractiveness of the location, and on the availabil ity of s uitable
(including low budget) accommodation and transport.

(2) Organisation: Who would be the main local organizer of COMSOC-2020?
Which organisation (e.g., university) would be hosting the workshop?
Please also comment on local research groups that would benefit from
attracting COMSOC.

(3) Schedule: What dates do you suggest? The workshop should take place
in or around June 2020. Are there any local constraints? Are you aware of
any other international events that may constrain the choice of dates?
What schedule do you suggest for the paper reviewing procedure?

(4) Budget: How do you intend to finance the workshop? Please provide a
preliminary budget. Expenses to keep in mind include: invited speakers;
coffee breaks; lunch; social dinner; possibly room and equipment hire;
possibly secretarial and administrative support, possibly printing of the
proceedings. What level of registration fees do you ant icipate and what
would they cover? Please make sure that the costs are as low as possibly,
preferably no higher than those for COMSOC-2018.

Finally, please include any other issues that you consider important.

All potential proposers are encouraged to contact us informally before
submitting their bid. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with any
questions that you may have.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


