------------------------------------------------------------------------
CALL FOR BIDS TO HOST COMSOC-2016

We are now soliciting bids to host COMSOC-2016, the 6th International
Workshop on Computational Social Choice. In previous years, COMSOC has
been held as a 3-day meeting, attracting 70-90 participants, featuring
3-5 invited talks and a little under 40 contributed papers (all of
which were presented during plenary sessions). In 2008 and 2010 the
workshop was preceded by an extra day devoted to introductory
tutorials, which were attended by more than half of the workshop
participants.

If you would like to host COMSOC-2016, please email your bid to:

  Piotr Faliszewski <faliszew@agh.edu.pl> (primary contact for bidding)

or to one or more of the other members of the COMSOC steering committee:

- Felix Brandt <brandtf@in.tum.de>
- Ariel Procaccia <arielpro@cs.cmu.edu>
- Toby Walsh <toby.walsh@nicta.com.au>

The bid should arrive no later than 31 December 2014. We encourage
everyone to apply, however please bear in mind the following:

We aim for COMSOC to move between areas geographically convenient
for large groups of the COMSOC community members. Currently, we identify
two such areas: Europe and North America (but, as the community grows,
we would like to include Australia/Asia in this list as well). Since
COMSOC-2014 took place in North America, we give preference to
locations in Europe for hosting COMSOC-2016.

If we receive several bids (in particular, if we receive bids for
hosting COMSOC outside of Europe), we may offer the interested bidder
to organize COMSOC-2018. Please indicate in your bid if you would be
willing to host COMSOC-2018.

Your bid should consider the following issues:

(1) Location and facilities: Where do you propose to hold COMSOC-2016?
Please state both the city and the exact location, and comment on the
suitability of the available facilities (rooms) for the scientific
programme as well as the coffee breaks. Please also comment on
accessibility and attractiveness of the location, and on the
availability of suitable (including low budget) accommodation and
transport.

(2) Organisation: Who would be the main local organizer of
COMSOC-2016?  Which organisation (e.g., university) would be hosting
the workshop?  Please also comment on local research groups that would
benefit from attracting COMSOC.

(3) Schedule: What dates do you suggest? The workshop should take
place in or around June 2016. Are there any local constraints? Are you
aware of any other international events that may constrain the choice
of dates? What schedule do you suggest for the paper reviewing
procedure?

(4) Budget: How do you intend to finance the workshop? Please provide a
preliminary budget. Expenses to keep in mind include: invited speakers;
printing of proceedings; coffee breaks; lunch; social dinner; possibly
room and equipment hire; possibly secretarial and administrative
support. What level of registration fees do you anticipate and what
would they cover? Please make sure that the costs are as low as possibly,
preferably no higher than those for COMSOC-2014.

Note that hosts from countries participating in the COST IC1205 Action
can expect some funding from this source.

Finally, please include any other issues that you consider important.

All potential proposers are encouraged to contact us informally before
submitting their bid. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with any
questions that you may have. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
